## Why are you applying for Financial Aid?

I am a B.Tech Computer Science And Engineering student currently in the third year. And I am not earning right now. My Academic fee is 3500 USD per anum which my parents pay. And my family income is 5000 USD per anum. It's really impossible for me to pay for this course as I am not earning anything right now. Financial Aid will help me take this course without any adverse impact on my monthly essential needs. I want to take this course as I want to have a decent idea about Artificial Intelligence from this course on Coursera. I want to complete the Artificial Intelligence course on offer by deeplearning.ai. This Specialization will boost my job prospects after graduation from my institute. It will help perform better in carrying out Artificial Intelligence practice and give me an edge over my competitors. A verified certificate will attach credibility to the certificate I receive from this course. I plan to complete all assignments on or before time. Also, I intend to participate in Discussion Forums, which I have found to supplement my learning immensely. I also plan to grade assignments which are to peer-reviewed which I believe will an invaluable learning opportunity.

## How will taking this course help you achieve your career goals?

I am a B.Tech Computer Science And Engineering student currently in the third year. I think it will be beneficial for my thesis work. But I’ve no job of my own to carry the expenses to pay for the certificate of this course. The only source of income for me right now is my parents. In this circumstance, it is very much difficult for me to gather such amount of money for the certificate. Financial Aid will help me take this course without any adverse impact on my monthly essential needs. So I’m badly in need of this financial aid. Receiving this scholarship will boost my self-confidence, knowing that I not only completed a very important task but also took the responsibility of creating a foundation for getting me closer to my career goals. I believe in the importance of earning a college degree. Therefore, I plan to work extra hard to obtain a Computer Science degree B.Tech by 2020. The scholarship award will only push me further towards my CSE degree and my dreams of one day having a successful career as an Engineer. A scholarship would help me achieve my career goals in the next few years by reducing my stress over the lack of money and giving me the opportunity to focus on a well-rounded college experience.
